we're going to start our own
investigation we're going to put
together a fund here on this channel
that you could donate to and know that
is going to be strictly for
the cost of investigative efforts uh
private eyes and all that
we're all accustomed to talking about
slander
defamation and reckless accusations
between strangers on the internet and it
might be a little more challenging
for you to think about the effects of
this type of allegation
within your own family what you may have
heard that happened
was he had a heart attack
okay but
if that is true we don't know what
caused that heart attack we don't know
if it was induced
we don't know nothing we don't know
nothing of the such
my brother didn't have a history of
heart disease
he didn't have a history of
health problems i'm not buying the heart
attack narrative
i'm not buying the heart attack
narrative and i'm gonna tell you
even more of the reason why i'm not
buying a heart attack negative
because i'm not i'm not a dummy my
grandfather
i was told as a child was
murdered by my great uncle i grew up
with
and lived with this allegation of murder
in my own family
just nobody seemed to think this was a
problem
like nobody seemed to think it was a big
deal
to tell a kid that there was murder
within their whole family
for me there's a sense of like have you
no shame like
don't you think it's a big deal to
make this kind of accusation up against
another person
either with no evidence at all or in
some cases contrary
to the little bit of evidence that
you've got it's
unfair to lie to the world and tell the
world that this man died of a heart
attack
okay so now that we got that out the way
some of you might say well who was he
last
week okay
that's what i've seen that question
going around a lot
the last person he was with was the girl
you know i'm not gonna advertise her
name here
for those who know you know
so that's who he was with it was
impossible
for my great uncle to have murdered
my grandfather it would have been beyond
james bond 007
levels of assassination if he had killed
him
but i should mention briefly like
that great uncle of mine he had two sons
both of them went to prison for long
jail sentences doesn't mean the father
is guilty
you know if your kids committed crimes
and by the way
they were not poor they were much
wealthier than my family
that preached the family so you know
yeah it was strange
doesn't mean you're guilty doesn't mean
it's reasonable to make up a story that
he committed murder
just to be fair i remember that guy i
remember my great uncle
and you know just just his manner of
speaking to you he seemed like a
suspicious character
it's completely shallow it's completely
unreasonable
but yeah i can imagine how people's
imagination
gets rolling and there was a conflict
between him and my grandfather and it
had gone on over years
you know i get it but as soon as i
started asking questions
you know i really just had this sense of
like how dare you
and don't you feel like there are really
serious consequences within the family
and for other people from
time to make up to make up this kind of
lie to spread this kind of
slander so we have people we have of
people
that are in the country that are
actually allowed
to kill people and lie about it and put
it on the news put the lie on the news
cover it up and everybody go back and
forth
55 000 this youtuber
some people immediately after his death
alleged suicide or suspected that it was
suicide
a few days later his own brother
came on the internet and entirely
seriously alleged that it was murder
and he's now accepting donations
to have a full murder investigation
the most important lie that his story
relies on
and that his fundraising campaign relies
on and that his investigation relies on
is the notion that laoshu 55 000
did not have any health problems didn't
have any chronic
health conditions that would foretell or
explain or make it plausible
for him to suddenly die of a heart
attack
around 39 or 40 years of age
and that is not true and then saturday
i had a stroke and i recovered from it
well um i was actually surprised when
when i was told that i had a stroke
i was in the hospital but um saturday i
was feeling a little dizzy
i was like i had like a little little
headache and um
i told my friends that maybe we should
we should go get some food
so we went to um we went to this place
we went to
uh popeyes and i got something i ate a
little bit
and then i feel like i want to eat more
so
i ordered more and then
before well ladies able to take my order
and um i started feeling like it like
like like hit i i started feeling
light-headed so i put my hand down for a
minute and she's like are you okay sir
i told her to give me a minute so i
thought it would go away
and it started getting worse so i like
laid on the ground
and just perf to prevent from falling
thought i was going to fall i didn't
want to hit my head or anything
so i laid on the ground and then
actually know it
then um the ambulance was there
they got me on a stretcher and they were
asking me questions
and um i find it difficult it was like
really difficult to speak and move and
stuff it was crazy it was a crazy
experience
and um yeah i went to the hospital i was
like man
i was just telling myself i couldn't
wait to get to hospital so i could see
what the heck this was
because i had similar symptoms before
when i was at home
um they didn't get that bad but i
remember
like i had like a headache and my vision
started to blur
a little bit like i was going blind or
something
laoshu had a stroke
around age 34. when his brain
was scanned assume this was mri and
x-ray and what have you they found
evidence that he had three strokes
i.e it was probably the third stroke
that put him in hospital he had brain
damage
and it was an ischemic stroke
if you think that an ischemic stroke
at age 34 does not powerfully
predict ischemic heart disease at age 39
i would suggest you take some time and
look up
the meaning of the word ischemic
people die suddenly people die
unexpectedly
when my grandfather died even talking to
my grandmother
uh she asked him if you wanted anything
from the kitchen
and he says like yeah i'll get some rice
krispies squares
she walked out of the room she then
stopped and turned around and come back
to ask oh like do you want a cup of
coffee with that it's just middle
chitchat
he had died in the few
split seconds between her walking out of
the bedroom and then coming back to ask
again
that question all right it can be
shocking
it can be disturbing and your
imagination may
run wild you may think it's not possible
that
these are just natural conditions
leading to someone's deaths but that's
probably because you don't have a whole
lot of experience
with what the natural conditions of
death look like
when i got to the hospital they did some
tests and stuff and they were like uh
they're like yeah you you had a stroke
mr mccormick and i was like i had a what
i had a stroke are you sure and they say
yeah we're confused too you're you're
young
you're too young to have something like
this but it can happen to anybody
it's called this um ischemic
ischemic stroke life is fragile when lao
shu
was in hospital with a stroke he
reflected that he had
a very unhealthy diet he reflected that
he had been eating
popeye's deep fried chicken on the day
of the stroke that put him in the
hospital and life is not fair
some people can cope with the
cholesterol
of a deep fried chicken diet for decades
and some people can't it's very easy
to look at the statistics for seat belts
and say to yourself well it's not going
to happen
to me and the sad fact is you don't
get to choose sadly when laoshu
was in hospital after having that
ischemic stroke
what the doctors told him was that his
cholesterol
was within the normal range and that it
was therefore
no problem what you don't know
genetically is what's normal for you
what you don't know is what's tolerable
for you because the human ability
to tolerate cholesterol varies
wildly on the basis of your genetics
it's something you're born with
or it's something you're not and the
safest possible diet
is a zero cholesterol diet not
vegetarian
but vegan my sling is editorial explicit
material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me